---
title: "Prologue"
---
Prologue (Introduction to the Story) 
　
Under the swirling dark clouds of the sky, a group of oddly shaped beings were scattered in disorder, not on the ground, but in the sky.

 The only thing they have in common is that they were all looking at the man in black armor who seems to be their master floating in the sky, and listening closely.


And on the other side appeared knights of all ranks. Knights in white and blue armor riding celestial horses, as well as dragon knights. The reason for the different colors is that they weren't from a single country. The knights' attention was drawn to the man in the black armor floating in the air.


"Don't try to fix things! This is a battle of blood and the desire to win! No mercy, no compassion! No fear of death! Never hesitate!" 

The man in black armor, accompanied by a white beast and a black beast, raised his voice, and earth-shaking screams leaked out from those deformed creatures' mouths.

"Go! Let's go!" 

On hearing the man's voice, the deformed creatures and the knights moved in unison like a tsunami.

 --This was a special VRMMO. It was the first time that a large-scale war was taking place. And that too, in a specially created event space of the VRMMO.

"Every last one of them must perish!" 

A huge light sword swung down on the players', and before the deformed beings and the knights could realise, the front line collapsed.

The ground was broken where the light sword landed, and of course the players' figures were obliterated.

The line of shield warriors in front of them was equally affected, and through the holes in their defenses, the enemies poured in.

"Hahahaha!" 

A man's laughter rang in the air while chatting to his friends as he looked at the mingling armies.

Homura: Is this good enough for a villain?

Peter: Isn't it good?

Shin: Don't ask!

Ochazuke: You looked terrible. Please change a bit.

Homura: I refuse.

Kikuhime: At least the knights from there. Give them to me!

Homura: I refuse.

Peter: The scene is like Knights vs Demons. 

Leo: Hahahahahaha!


The man in black armor with a fluttering cloak, accompanied by a knight and a hundred demons, was also a player.

This is the story of Homura, or Lengard, who stands in front of the majority of other players and came to be known as an unconquerable event boss. He's admired as the strongest support character.


　—It seems the contents are disappointing. 