---
title: "C1"
---

Different world. 

VRMMO. 

A pseudo-world for the brain to recognize.

The reproduction of the senses of sight, hearing, touch, taste, and smell .....  I quietly closed the VR instruction manual when I saw the explanation of the superficial veins, brain organs, and cortical senses were mentioned.

I couldn't wait to start the game I had purchased, so I started flipping through the thick manual, which I don't usually do. I had already read through to cover up for my laziness, but the words I don't usually see would still stunt me a bit.

I heard that VR used to be a type of game in which a pseudo-image world was built in a real space. A person could wear a special gear to view the images while moving his or her body in space.

 But now, a completely electronic world has been built  in which the player does not move his or her body in the real world. I've been looking forward to this VR game for a while now, since the company that produces my favorite game series is going to release it for the first time.

The gear I purchased for the game allows me to make my character, but the game itself won't start until the online service begins. The service starts three days later, at 8:00 p.m. on Friday night.

As a working person, this was a very optimal time.


My office allows two days off a week, but it's closed on Mondays.

Thinking that my friends would be logging in on Saturday and Sunday, I requested Sunday off when I was deciding on my shift, and took Tuesday off with pay. The first day of the game can be ruined by emergency maintenance due to glitches!

But I was too busy on Saturday, and I didn't have the courage to ask for both days off.

So, the long awaited game day began.

I put on my gear and logged into the virtual space.

 The game was designed to prevent you from logging in if you're not feeling well, so I've been trying to live a regular life lately to avoid catching a cold.

 --I hope I don't get caught up because of my blood pressure or something, with how excited I am.

It seems that only the character itself is saved in the gear. I have two other characters saved that I liked, but only one of them can be registered in the game. 

By the way, they're in their underwear.

I've created, deleted, and recreated many characters, but in the end, I've settled on a male of human race.

There were four races to choose from: Human, Elf, Dwarf, and Beastman. The Beastman character can be either a dog or a cat.

They contain several types of elements that can be used as the basis for character creation, but if you're not good at creating your ideal character, you can connect someone else's gear together and exchange saved data.

However, it is not possible to save it in both visors. If you want to play as twins, you'll have to create them again in the same way.

I chose a young man's body and then selected a slightly muscular one. This can be adjusted with the slider.

Some people can split their abdominal muscles into a six pack and even into an eight pack. It's a good thing that I managed to get a three pack when I was in middle school.

 ....It's quite difficult to advance from there.

The character that I created over the course of three days had waist-length silvery-white hair with a bluish-purple tinge and purplish-blue eyes. He is a little shorter than the maximum height of the human race.

 It was hard to adjust the hair color alone so that it didn't look like white lice. Long hair would be a hassle in the real world, but in virtual space, I think it'll be fine.


My name is Homura.

　
My birthday is April 4, the birthday of a certain character.

As for the character's name, there is a separate ID or gear ID assigned to each player, so you can use the name you like even if it is the same as someone else's.

When you buy this gear, you need to have an ID. It will only be sold if you are over 20 years old, and you will have to go through biometric authentication on the spot.

 If you want to transfer the gear to someone else, you need to clear data and register it again, so you can't sell the entire game character to someone else or say, "Actually, the person inside is different today!" 

You can't do that.

Normally, you can choose from a variety of games that are compatible with the gear, but this gear is practically exclusive to the game I'm trying to play.

If you get too used to the reality-like VR space from an early age, you will mistakenly believe that what you can do in the VR space can also be done in the real world, and issues such as jumping off balconies have occurred. 

Therefore, there are strict age restrictions depending on the experience of the VR space and the quality of the scenery.

This was why the regulations for buying the game were strict. But the regulations for what you can do in the game, where only adults are present, were loose. 

Since the game was aimed at adults who have completed their secondary sexual characteristics, men were free to play female characters and women were free to play male characters.

 There were warnings in the manual about humanoid enemies in the game and human deaths in the story.

As you can imagine, logging in 24 hours a day, 365 days a year was regulated even for R20, as it would conflict with the real world, but if you're working, you don't have to think about it. It's a rule you can clear naturally.

I waited, looking at the gray login button in the translucent window.

The color, transparency, and size of the window could be adjusted to your liking. The feel was similar to that of playing with a smartphone or tablet. It can be set to be visible or invisible to other players.

I seriously thought about the professions and skills I was going to acquire. Since there was no beta test for the general public, there was not much information disclosed about the game, but the initial jobs and races had been announced.

For the time being, I can't take screenshots and upload them to external forums because the OS, technology, and video systems are completely different from those of the PC. They were planning to set up an in-game bulletin board instead.

The login button, which was gray until now, became colored.

It's time to start the game.

[Welcome!] 

It had begun.


A cheerful but somewhat flat female voice announced.


[In this game, there will be times when the player's name will be mentioned in various ways, such as in quest rankings, etc. Do you want your name to be announced?] 


[Do you have any data to convert?] 


"No." 

　
I heard that you can connect ids to each other and register friends beforehand, but my friend doesn't live close enough to go see him with my gear.

[First of all, please choose your [profession]. You can choose one from the combat and production professions.] 

[Both combat and production occupations can be selected from the occupation list.] 

[The number of professions you can choose from may increase as you move through the game, so try different ones out.] 


I opened the occupation list and selected [Mage] and [Alchemist].

Other combat professions include swordsman, fencer, healer, and thief. The production ones are Alchemist, blacksmith, woodworker, and seamstress.


[Let's set the [Profession] in the slot.] 

[Even if you think of a [Profession] that you haven't set, it won't be set.] 


 [Mage] and [Alchemist] were lined up in the two occupation slots. The one on the left is the main occupation, and the one on the right was the secondary occupation, also known as production in the game. 

It seems that when you level up, the status of your main occupation tends to increase in accordance with your chosen occupation.

[Your status was determined by the choice of [profession].] 

[Please allocate 2 points to the ability of your choice.] 

STR 10 (0）

VIT 9 (0)

INT 13 (0)

MID 12 (0)

DEX 9 (0)

AGI 10 (0)

LUK 10 (0)

　-   -    - 

STR 10 (0)

VIT 9 (0)

INT 15 (+2)

MID 12 (0) 

DEX 9 (0) 

AGI 10 (0)

LUK 10 (0)

I assigned both of these points to Intelligence.

When you choose a profession, the skill list is updated to the corresponding list.

For a profession, it doesn't matter much if you don't have the skills used in that profession, so the skills suited for that profession require less SP( skill points) to acquire.

The following were the results of my professional configuration.


[Long staff] SP1

[Short staff] SP2

The following skills are available.

[Strengthen Intelligence] SP2

[Mental Enhancement] SP3

[Fire magic] SP3

[Earth magic] SP3

[Gold magic] SP2

[Water magic] SP1

[Wood magic] SP2

[Blending] SP1

[Alchemy] SP2

[Weapons & Armor] SP1

[Tools & Medicine] SP1

[Collection] SP1

[Plant and food appraisal] SP1

[Mining] SP2

[Appraise minerals and metals] SP2

[Fishing] SP1

[Animals & Demons Appraisal] SP1

[Skill Appraisal] SP2


The initial SP is 15. 

You will get [Strengthen Intelligence], [Fire Magic], [Gold Magic], [Water Magic], [Blending], [Alchemy Blending], [Tools & Medicine Appraisal], [Gathering], [Plant Food Appraisal], and [Animal & Demons Appraisal].

　
I found out later that the SP requirements for [Appraise Weapons and Armor] and below are displayed no matter what profession you choose. They differ depending on your race, not your profession.

If you're a dwarf, it'll look like this:

[Weapons and Armor Appraisal] SP1

[Tool and Medicine Appraisal] SP1

[Collecting] SP2

[Plant and food appraisal] SP2

[Mining] SP1

[Appraise minerals and metals] SP1

[Fishing] SP1

[Animals & Demons Appraisal] SP1

[Skill Appraisal] SP2

Mining is certainly a skill suited for dwarves.

Elves and Beastmen, perhaps because they live in a forest setting, have lower SP requirements for [Collecting] and [Plant and Food Appraisal]. All races were assigned a total of 12 SP, and many of them had a flat SP.

I thought about getting skills that were more focused on combat, but I also wanted to produce. I may end up with a half-baked character, but this is VR, and I want to try different things.

 In addition, the function is such that appraised items are registered in a picture book introduced in the menu, and that's what jogged the urge to collect items… 

For the time being, it'll be nice to know what kind of tools and things I've collected and made, so I took a look at [Weapons and Armor Appraisal]. 

But I had to weigh it down after looking at the cost. I'll get it later.

[Water magic] is 1 SP, so I selected it.

 I wasn't wondering what to do if the magic wasn't usable due to the low SP, but I expected that the difference would be that the compatibility of the attributes is determined based on that. 

I think that the ease of acquisition- the value of SP-is different depending on the compatibility. That being said, I think I'll do well with water and not with fire.

I couldn't predict what kind of magic [Gold Magic] was, so I took it. Even if I didn't take [Skill Appraisal], I thought that if it was magic, I would be able to predict it. But this [Gold Magic] is refreshing.

When I finished choosing my skills, I received a confirmation message and accepted it. The game finally began.


The name of the game is "Another World".


Now, what kind of world is this?

□ □ □ □ □ □ □

Homura Lv.1

Occupation: Mage, Alchemist 
　
HP 84

MP 116

STR 10

VIT 9

INT 15

MID 12

DEX 9

AGI 10

LUK 10

Skills(0SP)

Witchcraft & Magic: [Fire Magic Lv.1] [Gold Magic Lv.1] [Water Magic Lv.1] 

Production: [Blending Lv.1] [Alchemy Lv.1

Collection 

[Collecting] 

Appraisal and concealment: 
　
[Tools and medicine appraisal Lv.1] [Plant and food appraisal Lv.1] [Animal and Demon Appraisal Lv.1] 

Strengthening

[Intellectual enhancement Lv.1] 

