---
title: "C2 - Part 2"
---

Galahad raised his hand in greeting to the woman at the reception desk and walked toward the dining room.

I felt like I was going to be late for my meeting with my friends, but I didn't have the option of refusing to talk to Galahad as the game was unfolding, so I followed him to the cafeteria.


My friends and I hadn't agreed on a specific time, and we had both declared that we would do the tutorial, so it would be fine. Besides, he might be doing the same kind of event.

Above all, my friend was very good at individual activities. Even if he had to wait, he would have started out with combat or production as soon as possible. I didn't have any friends who would just sit around and wait without doing anything.


I arrived with Galahad and found myself in a corner of a restaurant-turned-tavern.


There was some food, but most you could order was alcohol. You could barely choose between water and a barley tea-like tea that might be used to replenish minerals. 

Adventurers seem to drink beer instead of water.

As you could probably tell by now, I was not a drinker. Come on!


“My name is Homura, and I'm a mage.”

I ordered tea, Galahad got drinks, and we talked. When I asked for French fries and thinly sliced roasted flying rabbit, Galahad said to not be shy and added more dishes.

Smoked eggs, dried fish, three kinds of cheese, nuts, dried fruits, wait- That was not for me, that was for him! I regret that I was not close enough to him to manipulate him.


The name of the meat was different from the real world, or rather, it seemed to be the meat of demons. Perhaps because there were beasts in this world, larger than humans, the chairs in the tavern were so huge that even the large Galahad had plenty of room.

It made me feel as if I was really in another world, not in a game.

After the food was delivered and the waitress left, we got down to business.



“As I mentioned earlier, the name "Pure Knight" was the alias of the knight who got the Holy Grail in the legend of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table. The knight's name is Galahad, and I couldn't help but mention it when the receptionist called you.”


"King Arthur? What country’s king are you talking about?”

Galahad's beer was cast aside after the first sip. It doesn’t look like he had heard of the Pure Knight.


“It's a legend from Europe, in another world, as they say.”

As soon as I said the world wasn't here, Galahad was clearly disappointed and dropped his gaze on his desk, but he regained his thoughts and looked at me.

“What is the Holy Grail anyway?”

“The Holy Grail is said to be the cup that received the blood of the Son of God, or the cup used at the Last Supper of the Son of God, but in this legend, it is characterized as the cup that cures illness. Galahad was in search of it, because the king fell sick.”

I only read it once in high school, so I didn't remember it well. The only knights of the Round Table whose names I could remember were Lancelot, Galahad, and Perceval. The only other one who was not a knight was Merlin.

By the way, the reasons I remember them were;

Lancelot: Because he is the most famous.

Galahad: Because a character with the same name appeared in a game I've played.

Perceval: The name of my neighbor's Shiba Inu, usually called Perce. Named after a young lad who was in the first year of junior high school at the time.

But, wasn't it wrong to ask such a question to me?

After that, I talked a little about how the three of them discovered the Holy Grail and how the Holy Spear appeared in front of Galahad when he was called to the Garden of God, and then I gave up.


“I'm sorry, I don't know much about it either.”

"No, thank you. Actually, the Lord I took care of received a troublesome curse. When I was looking for a way to remove the curse, the Prophet said, 'A pure knight can break the curse.'  I'll tell him to find a way to break the curse itself, and not the knight. "

It's not ‘A pure knight can break the curse’, but ‘A pure knight will break the curse’, I thought as I shoved aside the alcohol.

The roasted flying rabbit came with bread and salad. It was delicious, and though I was dissatisfied with all the alcohol, it was good to dip the brown bread in the gravy. 

“You look like you're having a good time. You can have a bite from here too.”

“Thanks.”

I didn't mind at all, it was my first meal in this world and I wanted to try everything. My taste buds seemed to have reproduced perfectly, and I was looking forward to more meals.


I said goodbye to Galahad, who was probably going to drink, and headed to the counter to fulfill my original goal. As we parted, Galahad threw me a partner card, saying, "If you need anything, just ask.”


Exchanging partner cards was like friend registration in other games.

I didn't know you could make friends with NPCs in this game. ... Or was this a tutorial on how to handle partner cards? Perhaps Galahad / Warrior, Customer A/Magician, Customer B/Healer, Customer C/Thief, etc could be called to join the party if you were having a hard time soloing.


I thought about it, but I didn't know how to hand over my card. Galahad approached me while drinking.


“You can't get a partner card until you get a guild card, you know. Once you've registered, you can use my card to authorize the exchange.”


So, there’s no way I could have found the card anyway.
