---
title: "C3 - Part 1"
---

“Welcome, are you registered?”

“Yes.”

“Do I need to explain adventurer registration?” The receptionist with a short bob cut, brown hair hanging around her collar, wearing a dark blue jacket that looked like a uniform, asked me.


“Please do.”



“Alright, this is the adventurer's guild information,” she said, opening a leaflet-like document and showing it to me.


She replied normally when asked. However, it seemed that even if I talked normally, I’d still be guided. It would have been embarrassing if my words hadn't been acknowledged! And it felt good to be understood even while just saying yes and no.

Well, I’ve had a normal conversation with Galahad without any discomfort, so I guess it's too late to say that now.



The receptionist's explanation continued, despite my inner turmoil.



“Anyone who has no criminal record can register as an adventurer for free. The adventurer's card you will receive after registration also serves as your ID, so you may be asked to show it outside the guild.”

The receptionist said, pointing to the location on the leaflet.



“There are ranks from F to A and then S. Solo players can take requests of the same rank, and party players can take requests up to one rank above the lowest rank. When you register, you'll start at rank F.”



“You will be able to move up in rank when you complete a certain number of requests. You may be required to take an exam at that time.”



“The main job of the Adventurer's Guild is to mediate requests to adventurers. Requests are posted on the bulletin board, so please choose the one you want to accept and bring your guild card to the counter here to receive a request form. You can receive up to three requests at the same time. When you finish a request, please bring the request form and your guild card to the counter. Just report and deliver.”



“There is no limit to the amount of time you can spend on a request, and there is no charge for it, but for requests with a time limit, there is a deposit called the ‘acceptance fee’. If you complete the request within the time frame, the deposit will be refunded, but if you don't complete it within the time frame, the deposit will not be refunded. If you do not finish within the time frame, you will not get your deposit back. Also, the acceptance fee is waived for ranks up to E.”



“If you commit a crime after registration, your guild card will turn red. You can restore the original color by paying a fine, but if it is a serious crime, an X will be written in the bottom column of the card even if the color is restored. If you have a red card, you will not be able to use the guild facilities and other penalties will be incurred. I'm sure you'll be fine, but please be careful.”



　It was explained briefly, but how could I become a criminal?

　The only thing that comes to mind is PK (killing a player). Is there such a thing? PK is just killing off at once.



“This is the end of the explanation. I'll give you a copy of this guide, so please read the others in your spare time.”

The leaflet disappeared from my hand, and a menu opened instead, informing me that the "About Guild" section had been added to the help section.

At the bottom, there was also "About Partner Cards".

Apparently, the help section will be expanded to include an overview of how to use the card once you've experienced it, which is a bit convenient.



“Please place your hand on this card.”

I was presented with a transparent card, a size larger than a real-world cash card, on a tray that looked like a thin tablet.

Then an English cursive pattern appeared along the edge of the tablet in a clockwise direction, and as it circled around, the card glowed lightly and the transparent color changed to a dark smoke crystal.



“Please accept it. In addition to the information you see on the card, it will also contain a record of your requests and defeats.”



Homura

Rank: F

Occupation: Mage

Title: None



The card I received was a simple one with only three lines.

When I touched the pouch on my waistband, the item window opened and the card was moved from my hand.

The card didn't seem to be counted as part of his luggage, so I had an extra frame. The initial pouch could hold another 30 items. And in the upper left corner of the frame, there was an amount of 1,000 silvers.

I could also check my status in the status window from outside of the card, but the information in that window had also been updated with my adventurer rank, Rank F. It seemed to be linked to the card.



While the window was closed, the explanation continued. Apparently, the owner of the guild card can view various data about himself, such as the number of kills, the occupation that appears on the card is the one set in the slot on the far left, and the title can be displayed from the titles he has acquired.

Also, as Galahad mentioned, you could exchange partner cards from guild cards.


“That's it for the registration process.”


I should accept the guild request.


The receptionist concluded with a smile, and an announcement was made in her place.


[Guild requests can be found on the bulletin board and applied for at the reception desk.]

[Also, you can receive requests from the menu's request list only when you’re in the guild.]

Let's take it from the menu this time.


I didn't have to check the front of the bulletin board to look for requests while relaxing in the tavern. I’d follow the guide and accept the first request. The request was something like this.




╔══════════════════════════════════════════╗ 

Rank F

Name of the request: Deliver 3 horns of Flying Hare Duration: 3 days

Client: Picol

Reported by: Guild

Reward: 50 silvers

Acceptance Fee ---

※ Three horns of the Flying Rabbit from Fastbrim! ※

╚══════════════════════════════════════════╝

Yes, that was the rabbit I just ate. There was slightly more information than the request form posted on the bulletin board.



Fastbrim was located just outside the south gate. This time, I’ll follow the guide and go through a tutorial on combat.

My vision went white again, and the next thing I knew, I was in a meadow.

There's something strange about being blinded when you're not ready. In fact, when I first came out into the square, I thought I was too dizzy and panicked a little.

Let's look for the flying rabbit.

A grassland as far as the eye can see. I had an image of a grassland with knee-high grass, but here it was covered with soft, ankle-high grass, making it look more like a pasture.

I turned my gaze to look for some kind of sign, and without even trying, I saw a light brown creature with horns that had a bad look for a rabbit.

That front tooth on the rabbit was sharp, right?　

So vicious.





I'll use the [Animals & Demons Appraisal].





[Flying rabbit]

[Classification: Demon]




This was information that I knew.





I was not sure if using the appraisal was treated as a discovery or not, but an announcement was made.



[There are two types of monsters: the non-active type that won't attack unless you attack them, and the active type that will attack if you come within a certain range.]


[If the player's HP drops to zero, they will lose the battle, and after 60 seconds they will die and be resurrected at the last temple they visited.]

[If you die, you'll lose half of your gold and suffer a penalty of half your stats for a certain amount of time.]

[The maximum HP value will increase or decrease depending on your VIT.]

The menu opened and the HP gauge glowed.

This should always be visible.

I pulled out the three gauges from the menu window and made sure they're always displayed at the edge of my vision.

The three gauges are HP, MP, and EP. In addition, it'll display a clock.

The semi-transparent window in the hollow at a certain distance from me, gave a strange feeling.

I wanted to try using magic.


[Do you have a wand or grimoire equipped? It is possible to cast magic with bare hands, but please note that the weapon's compensation is not applied.]


[Using magic consumes MP, which represents the amount of magic power.]

[Please note that when MP reaches 0, you will fall into a bad state such as "dizzy" or "anemic".]

[Status will be restored by recovering MP.]

[If you leave your MP at 0, your HP will start to decrease, so recover as soon as possible.]

[The maximum value of MP will increase or decrease due to the effects of INT.]

During this, the MP gauge was glowing.

Next, the gauge labeled EP glowed.



[Physical attacks and certain skills consume EP, which represents hunger and instantaneous stamina.]

[Physical skills have a 'Required EP' and a 'Consumed EP', and when you use a skill, the 'Required EP' is provisionally reduced, and gradually recovers to the state where the 'Consumed EP' is reduced from the original EP value.]

[The EP gauge will naturally decrease even if you do nothing.]

[Speed can be restored by eating or otherwise regaining EP.]

[Please note that when EP becomes 0, the movement speed will be one tenth of the normal speed.]


[If you leave your EP at 0, your MP will start to decrease, so recover as soon as possible.]

I thought; it was very important to eat.

[Any HP/MP/EP lost during the tutorial will be recovered after it ends.]