---
title: "Ch3 - part 2"
---
I should check out the magic and skills I could put to use.

I tapped in the order they shined in the menu. 

In the end, what was <Golden Magic>?


Fire Magic: Fire Needle MP3

Water Magic: Water Needle MP3

Gold Magic: Needle MP3



The tabs were displayed separately, but it looked like you could only use one type at a time. I was not sure if the word "needle" meant something like making needles appear...

[Recognize the target and cast the magic spell you want to use.]

Could we choose from the menu? 





I was embarrassed to fight while shouting out technique names and spells. No, it seemed that you could select from the menu if you kept the window open, it would be troublesome to tap the necessary magic constantly while fighting.

… I’ll just believe that the skill had no chanting.

"Needle!”

I raised my wand and cast a spell. Beginner magic only casted magical attributes and names, but the more powerful the spell, the longer the spell, and if attacked while casting, the spell will be cancelled. 

And what came out was a needle, as expected. It wasn't a sewing needle, but a metal one the size of a knitting needle. When the needle hit the flying rabbit, it let out a scream and came at me with its horns sticking out.


While moving, the rabbit lost its balance and fell down. 

I called out “needle” again in panic, but it seemed to turn out all right. The rabbit turned into a grain of light and disappeared.

I was aiming to become a magic swordsman, but maybe I should reconsider. If it had been melee combat, I thought I would have taken a lot of hits. No, once I get used to it, I'd be able to deal with it calmly. I was sure I would.


And I liked the "needle" because it didn't look like magic but it was cool.







[You’ve attained the horn of the flying rabbit.]

[You’ve attained the rabbit's meat.]


When one defeated a demon, items would drop. The dropped items could be used for production as well as delivery, so I should try out various things.



There were only two left. I should easily defeat them at this rate.





I had enough MP from the previous battle, but I didn't know what would happen next, so I want to save it.

Wouldn't it recover if I sat or something? I looked around to make sure there were no enemies around, and then I laid down on the spot.

I felt sorry, but I'd never seen such a meadow with soft grass and no bugs in the real world! And I was sure there would be other players in the meadow after the tutorial!


I decided to lie down and look at the sky for a while. The unobstructed view of the sky felt vivid. The clouds were moving fast. On the ground, there was a gentle breeze flowing.

My mood to take a nap came to an end. A small, dull thumping sound came from nearby. It was probably the sound of a flying rabbit jumping.

Gently getting up and looking around, I spotted the flying rabbit further away than before.







[You’ve attained the horn of the flying rabbit.]

[You’ve attained the rabbit's skin.]

The rabbit I killed this time dropped a horn, and the meat from last time turned into skin. It was not a problem since I'd already gotten the quest item horn, but I learned that the drop changes. So it was not meat this time, but skin.


My MP didn't recover even after resting, so I had to buy some MP recovery potion. As in other games, I didn't doubt that there was a potion. If I missed an attack, I would be in trouble, so I approached the third one from behind quietly and attacked it first before it noticed me.

This time I used the Water Needle and Fire Needle. I wondered if my Japanese wasn't good enough for this one, because when I tried chanting it, the fire needle also activated with "Water Needle". Was that normal?





[You’ve attained the horn of the flying rabbit.]

[You’ve attained the rabbit's skin.]

[You’ve fulfilled the condition of the request 'Deliver 3 Flying Rabbit Horns'.]


《Natural MP recovery》, 《Natural HP recovery》, 《Distant Eyesight》, 《Presence Concealment》, 《Sensing》, 《Surprise Attack》, and 《Body Stealth》 have been added to the skill list.


Skills were added to the list through my actions, and were learned by spending skill points from the list.

‘There are other ways to acquire skills, so let's try them out later.’

[Skill points can be gained by leveling up and so on.]





‘Now let's go to the Adventurer's Guild and report the request.’





My vision went white again, and when it returned, I was in front of the Adventurer's Guild counter. When I looked into the tavern, Galahad was no longer there, so I took the liberty of talking to the three of them who were drinking, but all I could get out of them was a bit of knowledge about adventuring.

I'd already hunted the flying rabbit! That's late information!

My friends and I had different login times, so I needed more NPC partner cards to call them into battle.


I gave up and reported the request.


"Report, please.”

I gave my guild card and the horn of the flying rabbit.

“Thank you very much, please put the guild card here and the items here.”



As instructed, I placed the guild card on the same stone slab as when I received it, the horn on a dark brown counter slightly off the front of the receptionist. I guessed that this was why the top panel was two-toned.


“I have confirmed that your request has been fulfilled, and I will reimburse you.”


The edge of the stone slab where I had placed the card and the different colored top panel where I had placed the horn glowed, only to be replaced by 50-silver on the counter.


“Thank you for your hard work, here is your commission.”


I accepted the 50 silvers.

Ah, I should ask the receptionist's name next time.

[You can also report a request from the request list only if you are in the guild.]

[Purchases can also be made from the menu, you can make use of that]

[With this, the tutorial will end.]

[Thank you for your hard work.]

My time was up.

The next thing I knew, I was being sent back to Fountain Square.

Before I forgot, I selected Galahad from the list of partner cards and chose to give him mine. There was only one person on the list, though.







[You have obtained the title <Exchanger>.]





[Notice: A player who exchanged a partner card for the first time with a "resident" of "another world" has appeared. This information will now be disclosed.]

[If you meet certain conditions such as getting close to the "resident", the "resident" may give you a partner card. By "exchanging" cards with each other, you will be able to invite them to battle etc.]

[You can get multiple "resident" cards, but only one person can "exchange" your partner card. If you discard the exchanged card, you will be able to "exchange" it again, but you will not be able to receive the partner card again from the discarded "resident". In addition, the number of people that can be exchanged may increase due to quests.]

[There is only one "exchange" for each "resident". No two players can exchange cards for the same "resident".]

[If you do not log in for more than three months, the partner card you received from the resident will be discarded. In this case, you can give a new partner card, including the target resident.]

[There are many "residents" in the "other world". You can actively interact with them.]


What?

That was me, right?

Wasn't it? 

I couldn't help but feel a little amazed.

I was already exchanging, but this meant that I had to choose the residents that would give me an advantage in battle, right? I checked the cards in the menu. Galahad was the only one on the list. Before exchanging with a friend, I’d exchanged with a NPC.


Galahad

Rank: A

Occupation: Warrior

Title: Warrior of Red Valor





......

I checked the card and Galahad was ranked A.

Was this good for the beginning of the game? Was "Resident" a helpful character?

I checked my own title, <Exchanger>.

<The first person to exchange a partner card with a "resident".>

Effect: "Resident" partner card + 1 slot

Was that a leeway for not being able to choose again?

I was relieved to know that I could choose any character I wanted to from now on. Galahad was also cool, and because he was a warrior, it wasn’t a bad choice.


□ □ □ □ □ □　　　

・Gained・

Title [Exchanger].　

□ □ □ □ □ □ □ □ □　　


Homura

 Lv.1

Rank: F

Occupation: Mage, Alchemist

HP 84

MP 116

STR 10

VIT 9

INT 15

MID 12

DEX 9

AGI 10

LUK 10



NPCP [Galahad] [-].



Title [Exchanger]

Skills (0SP)

■ Magic 

[Fire magic Lv.1] [Gold magic Lv.1] [Water magic Lv.1]

■ Production

[Mixing Lv.1] [Alchemy Lv.1]

■ Collection

[Collecting]

■ Appraisal / concealment

[Tools and Chemicals Appraisal Lv.1] [Plant Food Appraisal Lv.1] [Animal Demon Appraisal Lv.1]

■ Strengthening

[Intelligence enhancement Lv.1]
